Update device compatibility and fix typo (#671)
pupil-labs/pupil-docs: neon/hardware/compatible-devices/index.md

# Companion Device
The Companion device is a flagship Android smartphone. It is a regular phone that is not customized or modified in any way. To ensure maximum stability and performance we can only support a small number of carefully selected and tested models. The Neon Companion app is tuned to work with these particular models as we require full control over various low-level functions of the hardware. 

> The model we currently support are Motorola Edge 40 Pro.

Reviewer: Typo fix

```suggestion
The model we currently support is Motorola Edge 40 Pro.
```

Reviewer: Nonetheless, I would phrase it like we recommend, rather supported, the other ones are also still supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The currently supported model is the Motorola Edge 40 Pro. Previously supported models are the OnePlus 8, OnePlus 8T, and OnePlus 10 Pro. 
```
